#summary Travian - a package for the web-based game Travian.

==NAME==
Travian - a package for the web-based game Travian.

==SYNOPSIS==
<code>
  use Travian;
  my $travian = Travian->new(4, agent => 'Mozilla/5.0');
 
  if (!$travian->login($user, $pass))
  {
    print $travian->error_msg();
  }
 
  print $travian->server();
  print $travian->base_url();
 
  my $village = $travian->village($village_id);
  $village = $travian->next_village();
  $village = $travian->village_overview();
  $travian->no_of_villages();
 
  $travian->send_troops($type, $x, $y, Travian::Troops::Gauls->new(10), $scout_type);
 
  my $woodcutter = $travian->construction(1);
 
  $travian->logout();
</code>
==DESCRIPTION==
This package defines routines for the web-based game Travian.

==CONSTANTS==
===ATTACK_REINFORCEMENT===
Constant for send troops. Send reinforcements.

===ATTACK_NORMAL===
Constant for send troops. Send a normal attack.

===ATTACK_RAID===
Constant for send troops. Send a raid attack.

===SCOUT_RESOURCES===
Constant for send troops. Scout for resources and troops.

===SCOUT_DEFENCES===
Constant for send troops. Scout for defences and troops.

==METHODS==
===new()===
<code>
  use Travian;
 
  my $travian = Travian->new($server_no, $ua_args);
</code>
Create a new instance of the Travian object. If $server_no is not given a default of 3 is used. The Travian package is sub-classed from LWP::UserAgent and so optional $ua_args can be passed as second argument. See LWP::UserAgent for details.

===server()===
<code>
  $travian->server();
</code>
Returns the current Travian server number.

===base_url()===
<code>
  $travian->base_url();
</code>
Returns the base url of the current Travian server.

===error_msg()===
<code>
  $travian->error_msg();
</code>
Returns the error message if any.

===login()===
<code>
  $travian->login($user, $pass);
</code>
Log into Travian with given user and pass. Returns 1 on success. Use $travian->error_msg() to retrieve error message on failure.

===get_login_form()===
<code>
  $travian->get_login_form();
</code>
Retrieves the Travian login form. Used by $travian->login().

===post_login_form()===
<code>
  $travian->post_login_form($login_args);
</code>
Posts the Travian login form. Used by $travian->login().

===logout()===
<code>
  $travian->logout();
</code>
Log out of Travian.

===village()===
<code>
  $travian->village();
  $travian->village($village_id);
</code>
Returns the Travian village.

===next_village()===
<code>
  $travian->next_village();
  
</code>
Returns the next Travian village.

===no_of_villages()===
<code>
  $travian->no_of_villages();
</code>
Returns the number of villages.

===village_id2index()===
<code>
  $travian->village_id2index($village_id);
</code>
Given a village id returns the index in the village array. Used by $travian->village().

===parse_villages()===
<code>
  $travian->parse_villages($village_overview_html);
</code>
Parses the villages from the given village overview html and returns the current village. Used by $travian->login().

===village_overview()===
<code>
  $travian->village_overview();
</code>
Retrieve the village overview and return the current village.

===send_troops()===
<code>
  $travian->send_troops($attack_type, $x, $y, $troops, $scout_type);
</code>
Send the given troops on an attack of type $attack_type to coordinates $x, $y. The attack type is 2 for reinforcements, 3 for normal and 4 for raid. The troops are of type Travian::Troops. The scout type is 1 for resources and 2 for defences. Only used when a spy type troop is sent. Defaults to resources.

===post_send_troops_form()===
<code>
  $travian->post_send_troops_form($type, $x, $y, $troops);
</code>
Posts the Travian send troops form. Used by $travian->send_troops().

===construction()===
<code>
  $travian->construction($gid);
</code>
Return the construction costs and times for the given gid. Returns a Travian::Construction object.

==PARSE FUNCTIONS==
===parse_login_form()===
<code>
  &parse_login_form($login_form, $user, $pass);
</code>
Parse the login form html and return an array ref of the form input values.

===parse_login_error_msg()===
<code>
  &parse_login_error_msg($login_html);
</code>
Parse and return the error message in the login html page.

===parse_send_troops_confirm_form()===
<code>
  &parse_send_troops_confirm_form($send_troops_confirm_form, $scout_type);
</code>
Parse the send troops confirm form html and return an array ref of the form input values.

===parse_send_troops_error_msg()===
<code>
  &parse_send_troops_error_msg($send_troops_html);
</code>
Parse and return the error message in the send troops html page.

==AUTHOR==
Adrian D. Elgar, <ade@wasters.com> Martin Robertson, <marley@wasters.com>

==SEE ALSO==
LWP::UserAgent, Travian::Village, Travian::Resources, Travian::Construction

==COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE==
Copyright (C) 2007 by Adrian Elgar, Martin Robertson

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.8 or, at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.