#summary Travian::Village - a package that defines a Travian village.

----
= NAME =

Travian::Village - a package that defines a Travian village.


----
= SYNOPSIS =

  use Travian::Village;
  my $village = Travian::Village->new('My Village');
  $village->village_name();
  $village->village_id();

  $village->current_resources();
  $village->max_resources();
  $village->production_resources();


----
= DESCRIPTION =

This package is for a single village in Travian.


----
= METHODS =


== new() ==

  use Travian::Village;

  my $village = Travian::Village->new('My Village');


== current_resources() ==

  $village->current_resources();
  $village->current_wood();
  $village->current_clay();
  $village->current_iron();
  $village->current_wheat();
  $village->current_wheat_consumption();

Returns the current resources.


== max_resources() ==

  $village->max_resources();
  $village->max_wood();
  $village->max_clay();
  $village->max_iron();
  $village->max_wheat();
  $village->max_wheat_consumption();

Returns the maximum values of resources.


== production_resources() ==

  $village->production_resources();
  $village->production_wood();
  $village->production_clay();
  $village->production_iron();
  $village->production_wheat();

Returns the production rate of resources.


== parse_village_overview() ==

  $village->parse_village_overview($village_overview_html);

Parse the village overview html and populate this village.


----
= AUTHOR =

Adrian D. Elgar, <ade@wasters.com> Martin Robertson, <marley@wasters.com>


----
= SEE ALSO =

Travian::Resources


----
= COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE =

Copyright (C) 2007 by Adrian Elgar, Martin Robertson

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.8 or, at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.