#summary Travian::Construction - a package that defines a Travian construction.

----
= NAME =

Travian::Construction - a package that defines a Travian construction.


----
= SYNOPSIS =

  use Travian::Construction;
  my $construction = Travian::Construction->new(35);
  print $construction->gid();
  print $construction->name();

  print $construction->costs($level)->wood();
  foreach my $cost (@{$construction->costs()})
  {
    print $cost->wood();
  }


----
= DESCRIPTION =

This package is for a single construction in Travian.


----
= METHODS =


== new() ==

  use Travian::Construction;

  my $construction = Travian::Construction->new($gid);


== gid() ==

  $construction->gid();

Returns the gid of this construction.


== name() ==

  $construction->name();

Returns the name of this construction.


== costs() ==

  $construction->costs();
  $construction->costs($level);

Returns the construction costs for the given level. Return value is of type Travian::Construction::Cost. If no argument is given returns an array ref for all levels of construction.


== max_lvl() ==

  $construction->max_lvl();

Returns the maximum construction level listed for this construction.


== total_cost() ==

  $construction->total_cost();
  $construction->total_cost(25);
  $construction->total_cost(1, 25);

Returns the total construction costs for the given construction levels. The above examples are all interchangeable.


== parse_construction() ==

  $construction->parse_construction($construction_html);
  

Parses the given construction html and populates this construction. Returns this construction.


----
= PARSE FUNCTIONS =


== parse_construction_costs() ==

  &parse_construction_costs($construction_costs_html);
  

Parses the given construction costs html and returns an array ref of costs. Used by $construction->parse_construction().


----
= FUNCTIONS =


== gid2name() ==

  &gid2name($gid);
  

Returns the construction's name for the given gid.


== name2gid() ==

  &name2gid($name);
  

Returns the construction's gid for the given name.


----
= AUTHOR =

Adrian D. Elgar, <ade@wasters.com> Martin Robertson, <marley@wasters.com>


----
= SEE ALSO =

Travian::Construction::Cost


----
= COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE =

Copyright (C) 2007 by Adrian Elgar, Martin Robertson

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.8 or, at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.